I am Hideyo Noguchi, also known as Noguchi
Seisaku, born in “1876” at Accra, the
Gold Coast colony, current day Ghana.
I am bacteriologist who first discovered Treponema
pallidum, the causative agent of syphilis,
in the brains of persons suffering from paresis.
I also proved that both Oroya fever and verruga
peruana could be produced by Bartonella bacilliformis.
I graduated in “1897” from a proprietary
medical school in Tokyo and then went in “1900”
to the University of Pennsylvania, in Philadelphia,
where I worked on snake venoms under Simon
Flexner.
In “1904” I went to the Rockefeller Institute
for Medical Research, New York City, which
sponsored my work for almost a quarter of
a century.
I devised means of cultivating microorganisms
that had never before been grown in the test
tube.
I studied poliomyelitis and trachoma and worked
on a vaccine and serum for yellow fever.
In 1928, I died of yellow fever, which I contracted
during research on the disease in Africa.
In the same year, the Japanese government
awarded me the Order of the Rising Sun, Gold
and Silver Star, which represents the second
highest of eight classes associated with the
award.
In 1979, the Noguchi Memorial Institute for
Medical Research was founded with funds donated
by the Japanese government at the University
of Ghana in Legon, a suburb north of Accra.
My portrait has been printed on Japanese 1000-yen
banknotes since 2004.
In addition, the house near Inawashiro where
I was born and brought up is preserved.
It is operated as part of a museum to my life
and achievements.
I gave my life to science and to build better
medications and I hope the world has become
much safer place now.